Migrate Rosetta to gRPC (#23783)
MystenLabs/sui: crates/sui-rosetta/README.md

# Mesh API for Sui

> **Note:** Mesh is the new name for the Rosetta API. The Rosetta API was rebranded to Mesh API by Coinbase.

[Mesh](https://docs.cdp.coinbase.com/mesh/product-overview/welcome) (formerly known as Rosetta) is an open-source specification and set of tools for blockchain
integration. Mesh's goal is to make blockchain integration simpler, faster, and more reliable than using a native
integration.

## Overview

> Sui-Rosetta is an implementation of the Mesh API (f.k.a. Rosetta API) for the Sui network, the Sui-Rosetta server uses the Sui fullnode to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sui-Rosetta is an implementation of the Mesh API (f.k.a. Rosetta API) for the Sui network, the Sui-Rosetta server uses the Sui Full Node to
```
nit
